
Hi,

My name is Keshav Mohta and I am working in Dotsquares Technologies, Jaipur.

I am working here from March 2012 and today is Jan 2015 and it was the appraisal time for me
BUT the CEO / CTO ( I dont know what the Designation of The person, No one knows, everone just have a fear of boss) Omkar Denied on the appraisal, Now I have asked the reason then they just procastinate and after repeatimg for 5 times he responses " NO because main kah raha hoon?"

What kind of Response/Company this is? Am I wokring in factory? Where Factory Boss said No then NO.

But again I asked then he said It about performance and your performnace was not upto satisfactory level.

Right, This is the right word "Performance".

Performance ke aspectes kya kya hote hain?

aapne jo project kiye uska paisa company ko cash nahi hua isliye aapka performance down maan jaega

Okay.

Now tell me Who is the accountable and responsible for the project? Who was talking to the client for the money?

Kya main clicnt se baat kar raha tha aur paise nahi aaye?

That was your TEAM Leader and if he can not justify the work and value of project then who is respnsible?

Mera kaam Project ko technically handle karna hai. Project ko technically fix karna hai aur agar usme koi problem hai to batao?

And agar aap ko thoda peeche le ke jayun to bata doon ki I was handling a team of 10 which was most productive and most priceful project of 2013-14 itself in the history of Dostsquares . The client was one self having a IT firm in UK and I was delaing with her and deliverling the project with very happy and satisfied manner. none other was involve in that project excpet me and I left the company in last November 2014 ( again It was Appraisal issue).


I came back to the company on the humble request of yourself. aapka wo project tab bhi company me usi team me chal raha aur ab wo project ja chuka hai. Reason was obviously not mention.
I have good hand and experience in that technologies since last 1.5 years but yahan aane ke baad aapne us project ki lead mujhe wapis nahi di Because of your bad filthy politics. aapke team leader ne bula to lia lekin unko bharosa nahi tha ki kahin main wapis chhod ke nahin chal jayun? unki tension waajib hai lekin Unko ye bhi pata tha ki mere appointment letter ke saath 1 laakh ka cheque isliye rakhwaya jaata hai ki 1 saal tak main company chhod na ja sakun.

jab ek taraf aapki company kisi purane employee ko bulati hai aur dusri taraf aap usko us technology me kaam nahi dete ho jisme wo experise hai to fir performance kahan se hoga?

aur ab dusre project ki baat karte hain. Last 6 months, I have engaged with 2 main large project without any TEAM
I was handling all things with myself

Client se baat bhi karo.
Project ki basic se basic cheej ko apne haathon se likho.

5 saal ke experience wale insaan ko aap form submit karwayoge, design sahi karwayoge to waqt to lagega hi fir aap ke intelligent team leader client ko justify bhi nahi kar paate ki kya kaam hua hai aur kitna hua hai?

Client ko saari mail mujhe likhni hoti hai. sari requirment main leta hoon lekin aapke bahut jyada samjhdar aur less technical TEAM Leader project ki complexity ko samjhe bina hi anpadh ganwar logon ki tarah client ko bewkoof banate rahte hain. Kaam hua bhi nahi aur usko haan bol dia jaata hai, bina requirement jaane pooche hi.

The last project which I was working was based on very old framework with outdated technology and there are bug in the code itself, I have mailed to the API team and the framework support and forum pages but no one responde but still I was working with that code. No support from anywhere on the earth  and I am continuously saying to the team lead that this project using older version and what client needed is not possible with the older version but he was just a blank face. Client ne bola hai to karna hai.

Fir bhi 3 months tak ek hi project pe akela insaan  kaam karta raha.

next project was again from a technical person, he already built his website and wants to update the code for dynamic version.I have implemented the latest PHP SPL functions  and none of the collegue aware of these Standard code. so working alone and implemnting the best and optimum solution to the client.

Now this client was super technical so I have to describe and tell him everything, every line of code to let him understand , it was completely time consuming  . there is no documentation from client. client talked over skype and tell what to do. I have requested him many times for the documentation but again Team leader say there is no documentation , we have to work with whatver he is saying? that project was not even on DSPROJECT.


aur ye sab baatein aapko malul bhi nahi hai. aap kyon nahi de rahe increment ye bhi main batatat hoon.

aapki company me radi padi thi MICROSOFT ki aur is baat ki tweet mene ki thi aur aapne personally bula ke mujhse us tweet ko delete karne ko bola tha aur usi ka badla aap mujhse le rahe ho.

Aaapki HR ne, jab main appraisal ke liye gaya to unhone yahi bola ki aapki Omkar sir se jo INCIDENT hua tha ....uski wajah se appraisal nahi hoga

Aur jab CEO OMKAR ke pass gaya to usne performance ka bahana bana lia, Aur performance ki baat to aap tab karoge na jab employee appraisal form bhar ke bhejega? aapki HR ne to appraisal form tak nahi bheja.  then why are talking abour performance?

wah bahut khoob ..

m bheja ke indly send me the appraisal form to be filled with.

Performance to


So If you not giving any worthy and regualr project with a team then how can you canculate someone's performance?


So This is not the issue ki aap mera increment kar rahe hain ya nahi? issue ye hai ki jab aapne apne purane employee ko wapis bulaya to usko usi ki yogyata ke hisaab se kaam doge ya wapis zero se kaam shuru karwayoge?

Mujhe to koi aitraaj bhi nahi hai ki aap increment kar rahe ho ya nahin. main to ab bhi imaandari se kaam kar raha hoon aur karta rahunga.



lekin aap logon ki is tarah ki beimaani aur is tarah ki kaam chori aap logon ko le dugebi.

Mera to time waste kar rahe ho aap saaf saaf tarike se.

agle 1 sala bhi aap kaam nahi doge aur baad me bol deogey performance nahi hai to main kya bolunga??

main company me wapis isliye nahi aaya ki mujhe kaam nahi milta

I can proudly say that I have far far better knowledge of 90% of your company employee. In ever aspects of Web development.

PHP
Mysql
CSS
HTML
Javascript
jQuery
SOAP
API
Microsoft Dynamics CRM
Server and Hosting
Productivity Tools
I work with latest technology with latest tools on UBUNTU


Even I have learned a lot of diffrent things while I was not having any work.

I am not asking for single hand project. I have handle the team  succesfully in past.








